# RIDE: Efficient Highly-Precise Systematic Automatic Bug Hunting in Android Systems

## Description
Vulnerabilities in various android systems such as the AOSP and vendor-specific components directly impact user security & privacy and should be eliminated. Do we have a way to efficiently identify bugs in ready-to-ship phones conveniently and precisely? From a researcher perspective, vendor codes are mainly closed-source which means they cannot use open-source auditing tools and usually the only obtainable resource is phone firmware. From vendor QA and security team's perspective, the ability to perform a systematic vulnerability assessment directly on ready-to-ship phone images would also be much more useful and easier than maintaining complex dependency and version information on each model.

We come up with a framework named RIDE (Rom Intelligent Defect assEsment) that directly operates on factory images of major android systems such as AOSP, Samsung, Huawei, Xiaomi, Oppo etc, which discovered 40+ CVEs including critical and high severity level bugs in the vendors in less than one year. RIDE combines highly precise whole-program static taint analysis and dynamic blackbox binary fuzzing to pinpoint vulnerabilities in user-space code such as system apps, system services and bundled closed-source libraries. In this talk, we will share in detail about the system's design and architecture, including the whole-program static analysis algorithm and implementation with high precision and acceptable performance, and the blackbox fuzzing component which is fed by the information collected from previous static analysis. Also, we will share the detail and exploitation of several bugs found, which range from system-level arbitrary file read/write/code execution to RCE ones in AOSP and other major vendors etc.

## Code
https://github.com/flankerhqd
